welcome to the man of recaps this is the
falcon and the winter soldier now
remember at the end of avengers end game
old steve rogers gave the captain
america shield to his friend sam wilson
the falcon
in the hopes that he would take up the
mantle but sam's like hey i'm no captain
america i can't replace steve i'm gonna
donate the shield to the museum and so
for now he's still working with the us
air force as the falcon doing sweet
aerial missions he fights a familiar
villain batroc i remember the guy steve
fought at the beginning of the winter
soldier movie it's a super sweet action
scene and sam saves the day but almost
immediately the government decides to
take the shield out of the museum and
name a new captain america
who the heck is this douchebag this is
john walker and actually he's a really
great guy
all-american war hero not a super
soldier but he's the best they got but
sitting at home watching this is bucky
barnes like oh hell nah now bucky's been
having a hard time trying to come to
terms with all the terrible things
he did when he was the brainwashed hydra
assassin the winter soldier he's going
to therapy and he's got a list going of
people to make amends he befriended this
one old guy whose son he killed but he's
avoiding that conversation saving that
one for last anyway now he tracks down
saying i'm like you see this new clown
they're calling captain america these
two have some real funny banter going
they got a kind of antagonistic
relationship but sam's like yo since
you're here come help me with this new
mission there's new group out there
causing trouble called the flag smashers
and their leaders are super soldiers sam
and bucky track them down and meet this
little redhead girl but oh she packs a
wallop yes she is carly morgan thou
their leader so they have a big fight on
top of the trucks but they're all super
soldiers so sam bucky are outmatched but
here to help him out is the new captain
america yeah john walker busted in with
his best friend and partner lamar the
flag smashers managed to get away but
john walker's like hey guys like we
should team up but sam and bucky are not
feeling it this guy's just got a really
punchable face now we get to know carly
and the flag smashers and turns out
they're really not bad guys during the
five years when half the population was
snapped away from many people the world
was a better place
everyone left behind bonded together
their whole motto was one world one
people but now that everyone's back so
many people are displaced as refugees
and the world governments like don't
care about them yeah the flag smashers
are mostly stealing supplies and
medicine for these refugees although
carly does blow up this building with
guards still inside it so kind of bad
but how did these guys become super
soldiers well bucky has one potential
lead it's this old guy isaiah bradley
who was another american super soldier
fought during the korean war but being a
black man he wasn't named to the new
captain america he was locked away for
30 years and experimented on but there's
another person who might know where the
new super soldier serum came from
it is zemo the villain of civil war he
immediately tries the codewords to
activate bucky's winter soldier
programming but luckily that doesn't
work anymore he's like hey i had to try
though zemo hates super powered people
that's his whole thing so he's happy to
help him track these guys down and he
does have a lead for them but sam's like
hey i'm not breaking zima out of prison
bucky's like well good news you don't
have to
i already did now turns out zemo is
super rich yeah he's baron zemo he was
cycovian royalty he's got his own alfred
type of butler he's kind of batman
during the civil war movie he was kind
of a bland boring villain but now we get
to know him he's actually kind of a
hilarious charismatic guy it's easy to
forget he is a murdering psychopath so
he takes them to madripore the island
nation that's like a haven of crime
they're undercover he's pretending that
he's got the winter soldier under his
control again sam's pretending to be
some warlord called the smiling tiger
but when he gets a call from his sister
his cover's blown so everyone in madrid
is hunting them down luckily they meet a
friend it's sharon carter
back in civil war remember she helped
sam and steve stole the captain america
shield and his falcon wings for them but
unlike the rest of these heroes she was
never pardoned so she's still hanging
out here in madrid she's done pretty
well for herself though she's now a
successful black market art dealer in
fact she's thrown a big party that night
and this is zemo's scene
yes it's the dance and zemo shot that is
now a phenomenon anyway they checked on
scientists that made the new super
soldier serum for the leader of
madrapore the power broker carly and the
flag smasher still the only samples he
had and to make sure he doesn't make
more
zemo shoots him meanwhile outside bounty
hunters have caught up to them and
sharon gets her own epic fight scene
well she's a badass
zemo comes to help puts on the purple
ski mask he found and don't forget he's
a one-man army for now they still need
zemo's help but soon bucky gets a visit
from the wakandan elite female fighting
force the dora milaje
he knows them well remember he spent
some time in wakanda and it was actually
them who helped him on brainwash his
winter soldier programming she's like
hey we're here for zemo remember he
killed our old king to chaka bucky's
like hey we need his help for now it's
like well we'll be back soon and indeed
by giving candy to children it is zemo
who finds out where carly's hiding sam
goes in to talk her down and they really
connect it's like yeah you've got really
legitimate grievances
but you can't be killing people just
then though john walker busts in fists
blazing so it turns into a fight
zemo almost gets carly but he does get
the rest of the super soldier serums he
has no interest in taking it himself
instead he destroys all the remaining
samples all except one which john walker
finds watch out for that when the dorm
elijah comes for zemo john walker's kind
of a douche and they gotta lay the smack
down while everyone's having a bit of an
argument
zemo's just chilling he's like yeah i
think it's my cue to leave pretty soon
though they catch up to him and they're
taking him off to the raft yeah i
remember the big super villain prison in
the middle of the ocean so once again
they tracked down the flag smashers but
this time
boom oh john walker's got super strength
yeah he took that last serum it's a big
old fight but now carly punches his best
friend lamar way too hard for someone
who's not a super soldier
and lamar is dead no john walker is real
mad now this guy surrenders but oh he
goes for the kill shot
and oh with the shield murders him
that is not the captain america way he
defiled the shield and now it's trending
on tick-tock
seems like hey man you gotta hand over
that shield but john doesn't wanna so
it's an epic fight now super soldiered
up john walker gets sam and oh
rips his wings off but in the end they
managed to overpower him take the shield
away so john walker is in big trouble
they strip him of the title captain
america but he gets a visit from
julia louise dreyfus oh it's veep she is
contessa valentina allegra de fontaine
and she's kind of a funny character
doesn't explain who she is but she's
like hey you did the right thing killing
that guy i'll call you later so without
any current leads sam goes home to
louisiana where his nephews and sister
live
she's been running the family shrimping
company but the boat's breaking down so
it's up to sam and bucky to do a little
boat fixing montage but finally these
two have a real good bro chat over a
game of captain america frisbee these
two had that funny relationship where
they weren't really friends but they
both had that mutual best friend steve
but now they are officially bros for
life and then it's time for a good
old-fashioned training montage as sam is
finally ready to take up the mantle of
captain america so at carly's final plan
they're gonna take hostage the whole
council or whatever
sam got a gift from the wakandans a new
set of falcon wings and they gave it a
paint job to reflect that he is now the
true
captain america sweet captain america's
biggest weakness was always that he
couldn't fly
something that sam now can he pulls some
epic moves and proves that even without
the super soldier serum he is a tier one
hero
bucky meanwhile is on the ground
fighting the flag smashers but john
walker shows up still
claiming to be captain america in fact
he made his own shield in the garage
yeah he's basically a cosplayer
a super strong cosplayer who's a little
demented now and hell-bent on revenge
carly drives a truck of hostages off the
thing and jon's gotta make a big choice
does he save the hostages or go after
carly for a while there it looked like
he was gonna go full villain but now he
decides to save the hostages he
remembers he's a good guy the flag
smashers grab him though so the truck's
still gonna fall but oh
it's caught by the real new flying
captain america now sharon carter came
here to help and in fact it's her who
catches carly but wait these two know
each other because turns out
sharon is the power broker batroc's here
too he fought sam earlier by kicking a
chair but now to keep her secret sharon
shoots him and carly shoots sharon
sam shows up just after so he didn't
hear sharon's secret but he and carly
have their final fight he refuses to
fight her though he's trying to get
through to her so he just flips away in
the end though carly's too far gone
she's gonna shoot him but oh sharon
shoots her first she was okay
and as she dies in sam's arms carly
apologizes she realized maybe she was in
the wrong so sam flies her on in and
gives these world leaders a stern
talking to
it's like hey so you guys understand
right that from her perspective you guys
are the bad guys
you gotta shape up and start actually
helping people and it looks like he kind
of gets through to them so the day is
saved it's time to wrap things up the
rest of the flat smashers are captured
but oh someone blows up their van
it was baron zemo's alfred type butler
oh even from the raft he's pulling the
strings john walker is reinstated but
not as captain america he's got a black
suit now we don't get much info yet but
val dubs him the u.s
agent sharon carter finally gets her
pardon and she's reinstated but she's
not given up her life
as the power broker and now she's gonna
sell tons of state secrets bucky finally
has the tough conversation with the old
guy sorry i killed your son and he's
able to finish his amends list and sam
goes for tough talk with isaiah about
how any black man could wear the stars
and stripes when america is still so
awful to black people but sam's like hey
i just gotta keep fighting to make the
world a better place and in fact he
starts by adding a section to the
captain america museum that honors
isaiah for his service and so that's
where the falcon in the winter soldier
season one comes to an end and in fact
the final episode credits change the
name to captain america in the winter
soldier
oh yeah if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tvn movies and if you loved
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member